# Covid-Corona Community Coalition (CoCoCoCo, or Co4)

In March 2020, the world and global economy in general experienced a pandemic unlike anything we've seen before. A highly-contagious new strain of coronavirus known as "COVID-19" has spread quickly and left many casualities in its wake, exacerbated by the fact literally no one is immune, and that this disease can be spread by asymptomatic people. Social distancing and self-imposed quarantine have become the new norm, and many workplaces and schools now require employees and students to log in remotely from home to prevent "captive" gatherings where the virus can infect members quickly. The NBA, MLB, NCAA and NHL all discontinued sporting events, large entertainment productions such as music festivals and theatrical shows have been canceled, and major retailers, restaurants and bars have all shuttered their doors in an effort to slow the spread of the virus. As a result, business revenues and employee incomes have increased dramatically, and we are currently entering a new age of uncertainty over economic prosperity as the focus has shifted to personal health and safety as a much-needed priority. In other words, the wheel has stopped turning at its normal pace, and economists fear that it will eventually grind to a slow, halting stop if things don't recover soon. At the time of this writing, it is early April and things don't seem to be looking up just yet. 

# Post-MVP Goals:
- Different type of user accounts with different priviliges (i.e. non-profit volunteer orgs, civic/gov, enterprise corps, free-tier community members, etc.) For example: a vetted, non-profit volunteer organization whose work primarily focuses on distributing supplies to the most vulnerable members of society will have a higher precendence for items over an enterprise or community-level user) Any "premium" membership fee for this type of org will also be waived.
- Social distancing-friendly drop-off zones, powered by Google Maps API. It's increasingly difficult to trade goods during a time when little-to-no human contact is advised, so I'd like to come up with a way to make this easier for all parties involved.
- Links to Helpful Resources, maybe even a blog/RSS feed that publishes articles with useful information and encouraging support during these troubled times.

I sincerely hope that Co4 doesn't have to become a reality, and that things begin to recover soon. However, aside from the name being event-specific (and easily changeable), the concept of a hyper-local, password-protected trade & barter-based "eCommerce" application could certainly be applicable during other natural disasters and catastrophic situations. Anything that helps the right people to get the supplies they need more quickly and efficiently is a positive thing. For that reason, I'm leaving this project open source and encourage others to participate!

